Let's look at the results
of our AB analysis
by looking at the interactive report
output of the AB analysis tool.
The first box shows the LID percentage,
or
the difference between the treatment and
the control group.
This can be interpreted as
the average customer spend, per week,
in the treatment store, increased
by 6.4%, during the experiment.
The next box over shows
the expected impact,
per unit, per period,
if the treatment were applied.
This means that the introduction of
the new product would cause customers to
spend 20 cents more per week,
on average.
And the last box shows
the Significance Level of the T Test.
This is the 1- p level, and
can be interpreted that the test
was highly significant.
Or, that it is highly unlikely the
product launch did not increase sales.
There are also a few plots that
can help you both visualize and
communicate the results.
The time comparison plots
compares the sales trends,
both before and
after the implementation of the Test.
You can see here that the treatment and
control stores had roughly similar sales
during the historical comparison period,
on the left, but,
once the experiment started,
there was a considerable increase, or
lift, in the sales for
the treatment stores.
If we scroll down, you can see a dot
plot that shows the actual differences
between the individual pairs of stores.
Along the x-axis,
you can see each of the store IDs for
the treatment stores,
and along the y-axis,
you have the change in sales from
the comparison to the treatment period.
Each treatment store is plotted against
all the control stores matched to it.
For our example, you can see that while
not all treatment stores outperform
their respective control stores,
such as stores S027 and S029,
the general trend is that treatment
stores outperform control stores.